chore: add homebrew tap info to readme (#7852)
deskflow/deskflow: README.md

To use Deskflow you can use one of our [packages](https://github.com/deskflow/deskflow/releases), install `deskflow` (if available in your package repository), or [build it](#build-quick-start) yourself from source.

> [!TIP]

> > macOS users the easiest way to install and stay upto date is to Use [homebrew](https://brew.sh) with our [homebrew-tap](https://github.com/deskflow/homebrew-tap)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For macOS users, the easiest way to install and stay up to date is to use [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) with our [homebrew-tap](https://github.com/deskflow/homebrew-tap).
```

[![Repology](https://repology.org/badge/vertical-allrepos/deskflow.svg?exclude_unsupported=1)](https://repology.org/project/deskflow/versions)

**Note:** We are working with package maintainers to have our new package name adopted.

## Installing on macOS

When you install Deskflow on macOS, you need to allow accessibility access (Privacy & Security) to both the `Deskflow` app and the `deskflow` process.
If using Sequoia, you may also need to allow `Deskflow` under Local Network‍ settings (Privacy & Security).
When prompted by the OS, go to the settings and enable the access. If you are upgrading and you already have `Deskflow` or `deskflow`
on the allowed list you will need to manually remove them before accessibility access can be granted to the new version.
macOS users who download directly from releases may need to run `xattr -c /Applications/Deskflow.app` after copying the app to the `Applications` dir.

> It is recommend to use install Deskflow using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) from our [homebrew-tap](https://github.com/deskflow/homebrew-tap)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommend to install Deskflow using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) from our [homebrew-tap](https://github.com/deskflow/homebrew-tap)
```

[![Repology](https://repology.org/badge/vertical-allrepos/deskflow.svg?exclude_unsupported=1)](https://repology.org/project/deskflow/versions)

**Note:** We are working with package maintainers to have our new package name adopted.

> ## Mac Users
> 
> When you install Deskflow you will have to allow accessibility access to both the `Deskflow` app and the `deskflow` process. When prompted by the os go to the settings and enable the access. If you are upgrading and you already have `Deskflow` or `deskflow` on the allowed list you will need to manually remove them before accessibility access can be granted to the new version.
> 
> macOS users who download directly from releases may need to run `xattr -c /Applications/Deskflow.app` after copying the app to the `Applications` dir.
> 
> It is recommened to use install deskflow using [homebrew](https://brew.sh) from our [homebrew-tap](https://github.com/deskflow/homebrew-tap)
> 
> 
> To add our tap run
>  ```
>  brew tap deskflow/homebrew-tap
>  ```
>  
> Then install either
>  
>  Stable with `brew instal deskflow`
>  
>  Continuous with `brew install deskflow-dev`
> 
> 

Reviewer: Some minor nits and spelling. Also added about 'Local Network' access on Sequoia.

````suggestion
## Installing on macOS

When you install Deskflow on macOS, you need to allow accessibility access (Privacy & Security) to both the `Deskflow` app and the `deskflow` process.
If using Sequoia, you may also need to allow `Deskflow` under Local Network‍ settings (Privacy & Security).
When prompted by the OS, go to the settings and enable the access. If you are upgrading and you already have `Deskflow` or `deskflow`
on the allowed list you will need to manually remove them before accessibility access can be granted to the new version.

macOS users who download directly from releases may need to run `xattr -c /Applications/Deskflow.app` after copying the app to the `Applications` dir.

It is recommend to use install Deskflow using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh) from our [homebrew-tap](https://github.com/deskflow/homebrew-tap)

To add our tap, run:
```
brew tap deskflow/homebrew-tap
```

Then install either:
- Stable: `brew instal deskflow`
- Continuous: `brew install deskflow-dev`

````
